Docs 8876 add upgrade steps pa (#103)
mulesoft/docs-service-mesh: modules/ROOT/pages/upgrade-service-mesh.adoc

> = Upgrade Service Mesh

Reviewer: ```suggestion
= Upgrade to Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:keywords: service mesh, microservices, upgrading

> Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1 includes improvements, such as the removal of the Istio Mixer requirement. Because of this change, upgrading from Anypoint Service Mesh v1.0 to v1.1 introduces some downtime due to the new architecture.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1 includes new features and architecture enhancements, such as stopping using Istio Mixer. Because of this change, upgrading from Anypoint Service Mesh v1.0 to v1.1 introduces downtime during the c.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1 includes new features and architecture enhancements, such as bypassing the Istio Mixer when sending requests from clients to Anypoint Platform. This change caused an Anypoint Service Mesh architecture updates, and therefore, introduces a downtime for the Anypoint Service Mesh upgrade to v1.1.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1 includes new features and architecture enhancements, such as bypassing Istio Mixer when sending requests from clients to Anypoint Platform. Note that architectural changes in the upgrade require some downtime.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1 includes new features and architecture enhancements, such as stopping using Istio Mixer. Because of this change, upgrading from Anypoint Service Mesh v1.0 to v1.1 introduces downtime during the c

Reviewer: Looks like a previous version; omit
```suggestion
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Prerequisites

Before you upgrade, ensure that you meet the following requirements:

> 

Reviewer: I expect a list of prerequisites to be just that: a list of conditions that exist, but not **how** to achieve them; those are separate tasks covered in other topics, presumably.
You probably do not have time to do this now, but I suggest altering the list as follows:
```suggestion
Before you upgrade, ensure that your environment uses:
* Anypoint Service Mesh v1.0.x.
* The most recent version of the Anypoint Service Mesh command line
* Istio 1.6.0 or later for both control plane and data plane
```
RE the second bullet, note that your later text specifies v1.1.x rather than "latest": clarify.

Author: You are right! Thanks! Done!

. Ensure that the current Istio version in your environment is at least 1.6.0 (control plane and data plane):
[source,text,linenum]
----
$ istioctl version
client version: 1.6.0
control plane version: 1.6.0

> data plane version: 1.6.0 (5 proxies)

Reviewer: This example does not really enhance the requirement statement.

Author: Done! Thanks!

----
. Download the latest Anypoint Service Mesh command line interface (CLI) version:
+

> `curl -Ls http://anypoint.mulesoft.com/servicemesh/xapi/v1/install > asmctl && chmod +x asmctl`

Reviewer: This is a task that is (should be) documented elsewhere, as a step.

Author: Done! Thanks!

`$ asmctl version`
+
The CLI version must be v1.1.x and the Anypoint Service Mesh version must be v1.0.x.

== Upgrade to Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1

> When you upgrade from Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1, the process first creates a back up of adapters, APIs, and bindings.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
When you upgrade from Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1, the process first creates a backup of adapters, APIs, and bindings.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . Verify that you have the correct Anypoint Service Mesh and command line interface (CLI) versions  installed in your environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Verify that you have the correct Anypoint Service Mesh and command line interface (CLI) versions installed in your environment:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> `$ asmctl version`

Reviewer: As with the previous, our audience should already know how to use the CLI to check version number.

Author: Yes, agree! Done! Thanks!

> //or should I say backs up adapters, APIs, and bindings--kim?

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> == Upgrade to Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Steps
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

Any request to protected services is denied and the Anypoint Service Mesh downtime begins. The upgrade process then upgrades Anypoint Service Mesh to v1.1, during which the adapters, APIs and bindings are also upgraded. Finally, the traffic to protected services is resumed, and this denotes the end of downtime.

To upgrade to Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1, run the following command:

> `$ asmctl upgrade`

Reviewer 3: IMO we should keep the note about the EU control plane

Author: Done! Thanks!

> When you upgrade from Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1, the process first creates a backup of the necessary files. Any request to protected services is denied and the Anypoint Service Mesh downtime begins. The adapters, APIs, and bindings are then upgraded, and finally requests to protected services are resumed, thereby ending the Anypoint Service Mesh downtime. 

Reviewer: Why does this introduction to user steps summarize the whole process? 
This sounds more like text that should be used to introduce the entire topic set, not the user steps.
What prompts the creation of the backup?
Why would there be requests to protected services; does the downtime automatically start, and what prompts that?
What prompts the upgrade of the adapters, APIs, and bindings: the one command documented here?
What prompts resumption of services/ending downtime?

Consider omitting this as an intro, and begin with something like...

Upgrade to Anypoint Service Mesh v.1.1:

`$ asmctl upgrade`

This single command initiates a process comprising the following actions:

. Protected service files are backed up.
. Requests for services are denied as downtime begins.
. Adapters, APIs, and bindings are upgraded.
. Downtime ends and services resume.

Author: Moved the para to the intro section. Done! Thanks!

== Post-upgrade Cleanup

> When you upgrade to Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1, certain backups are created your inside cluster as part of the migration process. Additionally, certain jobs are during the migration process. These jobs details are retained for debugging purposes. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
When you upgrade to Anypoint Service Mesh v1.1, certain backups are created inside your cluster as part of the migration process. Additionally, certain jobs are during the migration process. These jobs details are retained for debugging purposes. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> [NOTE] If you are using the EU control plane, you must specify the correct `--platformUri` flag.

Reviewer: How does this relate to the single step using the syntax above? 
When would you specify the correct flag?
Confusing.

Author: Leaving it as-is for now. Done! Thanks!

> After the upgrade process is successfully completed, the resources that were backed up for debugging purpose are no longer required and can be safely removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the upgrade process is successfully completed, you can remove the backup copies of the previous version's files:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> To perform the post-upgrade clean up:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. Delete the backups of adapters, APIs, and bindings:
+
`$ kubectl delete configmap -A -l 'service-mesh.mulesoft.com/backup'`

> . Delete the pre-upgrade jobs:

Reviewer: What are these?

Author: Deleting jobs and API bindings. Thanks!
